hello guys and welcome to my channel I
often get questions how to end my day
during the day of so many activities so
I have two YouTube channels when a
Russian one in English and I try to do
two videos per week which makes it four
videos that I have to release during
just one week
also I run those set up which is growing
rapidly so there are loads of tasks
associated with my company and I also
just moved to the States
that means a lot of paperwork a lot of
new people that I meet so I decided to
share my tools of planning my day in
this video the first thing that I'd like
to mention is that you need to get rid
of the tasks but you don't actually need
for example I remember the day two years
ago three years ago when I would get
hundreds of emails per day and then I
realized that emails don't really make
sense because they just pile up and
right now all of my team we are
connecting through messengers so we use
telegram we can use flash you can use
whatsapp whatever is better for you but
I move like 80 percent of my emails into
my messenger and it makes life so much
easier the second thing is having some
kind of planner I used to have this
molesting or whatever you call it diary
and I would write everything into it but
it took a lot of space in my handbag and
I needed to carry it with me all the
time and when I forgot it it means that
I didn't have a sense of what's
happening during the day so I strive to
ditch it to live my plans and right now
I'm using Trello and I mentioned it in a
couple of videos because I have two
columns and Trello so one column is the
text that I need to do during the day
and it tries to keep only five tasks in
that column because if they get up to
ten or twenty I would never be able to
do that during the day and that would
mean that I will find other things I
need to do instead of actually solving
problems that are in trouble and then
the second column in travel that I have
in my ideas so I put everything that I
want to do everything that inspires me
and then
I ran out of tasks you're my day I just
popped into the second column and it
dragged the tasks into my first one so I
really recommend using Trello because
you can use it on your laptop you can
use it in mobile it's also synchronized
so you can also use it for your team so
every team member would have his own :
the third thing that I've recently
learned is not writing on pieces of
paper because it's very tempting you
have this piece of paper lying on your
desk
and you start writing some ideas on it
and then you lose this piece of paper or
you end up having like hundreds on your
desk you need to find something you
cannot do it so the solution here is I
still like to write so I just got this
notebook from one of my friends and I
have actually a couple of videos with
her in a McCarney MA and she gave me
this green notebook that I would do it
for writing down my thoughts and this
would mean I would have all of my ideas
can leave notebooks and I don't won't
have to look for pieces of papers on my
desk and the ideal world is where I'm
writing everything down into my notes on
my Apple phone or on my Mac and it
synchronizes everything so I can have
access
even if my phone is dead on my computer
yet I will still have access to my notes
on either device so before my Mac I had
Windows laptop and if you came so old
and sadly and it didn't really want to
use it it became really slow but once I
got my new Mac it was like a month or
two ago I would really like to organize
things there I really like to put it in
order after they complete my work I
really like the feeling when I'm holding
my hands the same with this notebook
when I saw them I was like oh my god
they're the most beautiful notice I've
ever seen so try to surround yourself
with a minimum of things but make sure
they're great quality another thing
which happened to run Mac Book so I used
to carry it without any cover which was
really stupid because I have scratches
right now on the edges but I would like
you to have a company called Tom's or
send me a couple of cases and this case
is perfect for your day-to-day tasks
because
he has parted for the charger he has a
pocket via phone and it's still nice and
soft on the inside I even envy my macros
because he has this soft players
touching it and very fresco she travels
so I can just put this case into my
carry-on baggage and I don't have to
carry my mind which is so heavy and the
second thing I got from the tomcod guys
as this perfect backpack
I had my previous backpack from another
fashion company but and I only had it
for like four months
but because I'm carrying a lot of heavy
things it went out really quickly this
backpack is really high quality it's
really big and it looks masculine which
I love because you know just abandoning
backpacks because so I don't know any
stupid especially when they have all the
sparkles I don't know how are you guys
it's just my opinion I like to wear a
feminine clothes whatever you like
masculine accessories because it makes
you more fashionable or I also can share
it with my partners we go to we share a
lot of things and it's big it's
practical it's waterproof San Francisco
still radiated and expected to ring all
the time and again when I'm traveling
when I'm just traveling with my backpack
maybe today in the valley or today in
Los Angeles I can just take this and it
will hold my mask it will hold my nose
bag over my phone so really really
practical guys and if you are looking
for this kind of solution I will leave
all the links under this video so you
can order something similar they also
have great ones I love green ones you
can you can try both so I try to keep my
things digital so I'm writing down my
thoughts and Carlo I'm writing down the
tasks that I need to do in Trello I have
my notebooks when I really really want
to write and everything I can carry with
me and another thing that I'm carrying
with me all the time is my Google
Calendar which is in my phone and I've
been using it for more than a year and
its really great for scheduling meetings
for example if you're scheduling meeting
with someone who has a key
Allisyn Google Calendar linked to their
email it makes a lot of sense to send
them an invite because it's going to
coordinate your Italian tones it's going
to Kuragin eight the replacement so you
would have the exact location where the
meeting takes place and you would never
forget about it because sometimes I find
my meetings like two months in advance
and if you write it down to some group
and then you throw the book away you
will just forget about the meeting so
let's let's create this culture guys to
let's send all of the Google invites and
even if the person doesn't have a Google
Calendar we would see link and they
would open up the calendar for
themselves and another thing that I'm
using all the time is calendar lucam
it'll actually synchronize it with your
calendar and you can give a link to your
town link and tell the person who was
talk to you hey here are the few times
that work for me and the person goes to
Calgary and we see all the availability
dates and times and there is also no
need to recalculate times a very useful
thing especially a few books a
consultation with me he would receive my
calendar link and use the other times
that I'm available super useful so if
you have a lot of calls of meetings
please use that it allows you to save a
lot of time on back and forth emailing
up with location or time detail another
thing they need to remember that it's
okay to say no to some of the tasks so
for example somebody asked you to help
them to drop them at the airport or to
go out and enjoy the fresh air with them
sometimes it's okay if you have other
things to do it's okay to say no it's
better than saying yes and that's not
really enjoying the moment or regretting
that you're wasting your time with
something you don't have to do right now
so it's okay to say no and it's your
life and you control it so if somebody
asks you to drink on Saturday but you
know that you have something planned on
Sunday just say no and I like the
American culture here because nobody
would try to convince you that you
should really go if you say I need to
leave the party early everyone it would
be like okay that's what you understand
a need for another thing that I'm
unfortunately really bad at is trying to
make plans and sticking to a plan Sabri
I'm trying to both a picture and
Instagram every day at 9 p.m. which
turns out to be such a difficult test
because sometimes I have these boring
days when I stood inside and it just
work I don't have any pictures to post
or I travel to some location like C
Petersburg in January which is just rain
and snow and there's no inspiration
around me but sticking to that plan
really makes sense because all my
subscribers can expect a post from me at
9 p.m. California time and also about
videos I try to post twice a week but
sometimes it's tough but I know I have
explained in my head and when I finish
all my tasks for the day I'm like which
is the next and I know that oh I made a
promise to myself that I'm releasing
every that every weekend we're losing
two new videos and I go and shoot a
video so yeah try to make a plan so that
was it from you guys I hope you enjoyed
watching this video and please share the
tools and apps that you used to plan
your day and I was going to appreciate
advice from you thank you so much and
see you next videos okay